docs/user-guide.md, before:

# User Guide

All information for developers using `ethjs-unit` should consult this document.

## Install

```
npm install --save ethjs-unit
```

## Usage

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');

var val1 = unit.toWei(249824778, 'ether');

// result <BigNumber ...>

var val2 = unit.fromWei('7282837', 'finney');

// result <BigNumber ...>
});
```

## API Design

### toWei

[index.js:ethjs-unit](../../../blob/master/src/index.js "Source code on GitHub")

Convert a single Ethereum denominated value at a specified unit, and convert it to its `wei` value. Intakes a `value` and `unit` specifier, outputs a single wei value `BigNumber` object.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **BigNumber|Number|String** a single number `wei` value
-   `unit` **String** the unit to covert to (i.e. `finney`, `ether` etc..)

Result output single BigNumber **Object**.

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');

var val1 = unit.toWei(249824778, 'ether');

// result <BigNumber ...> [.toString(10) : 249824778000000000000000000]
```

### fromWei

[index.js:ethjs-unit](../../../blob/master/src/index.js "Source code on GitHub")

Convert a wei denominated value into another Ethereum denomination. Intakes a single wei `value` and outputs a BigNumber object.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **BigNumber|Number|String** a single number Ethereum denominated value
-   `unit` **String** the unit to covert to (i.e. `finney`, `ether` etc..)

Result output single BigNumber **Object**.

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');

var val1 = unit.fromWei(249824778000000000000000000, 'ether');

// result <BigNumber ...> [.toString(10) : 49824778 ]
```

### isBigNumber

[index.js:ethjs-unit](../../../blob/master/src/index.js "Source code on GitHub")

Is the specified value a BigNumber object instance.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **Optional** a single optional type value

Result output is a single **Boolean** (is the value a BigNumber or not).

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');
const BigNumber = require('bignumber.js');

var val1 = unit.isBigNumber(249824778000000000000000000);

// result false

var val1 = unit.isBigNumber(new BigNumber(10));

// result true
```

### toBigNumber

[index.js:ethjs-unit](../../../blob/master/src/index.js "Source code on GitHub")

Convert a specified value to a BigNumber if possible.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **String|Number|Object** a single optional type value number

Result output is a single `BigNumber` **Object** a BigNumber value.

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');
const BigNumber = require('bignumber.js');

var val1 = unit.toBigNumber(249824778000000000000000000);

// result <BigNumber ...>

var val1 = unit.toBigNumber(new BigNumber(10));

// result <BigNumber ...>
```

## Supported Units

```
'wei':          '1',
'kwei':         '1000',
'Kwei':         '1000',
'babbage':      '1000',
'femtoether':   '1000',
'mwei':         '1000000',
'Mwei':         '1000000',
'lovelace':     '1000000',
'picoether':    '1000000',
'gwei':         '1000000000',
'Gwei':         '1000000000',
'shannon':      '1000000000',
'nanoether':    '1000000000',
'nano':         '1000000000',
'szabo':        '1000000000000',
'microether':   '1000000000000',
'micro':        '1000000000000',
'finney':       '1000000000000000',
'milliether':   '1000000000000000',
'milli':        '1000000000000000',
'ether':        '1000000000000000000',
'kether':       '1000000000000000000000',
'grand':        '1000000000000000000000',
'mether':       '1000000000000000000000000',
'gether':       '1000000000000000000000000000',
'tether':       '1000000000000000000000000000000'
```

## Notes on Handling BigNumber Objects

There are two kinds of BigNumber modules most commonly used across JS:  [`bn.js`](https://github.com/indutny/bn.js/) and [`bignumber.js`](https://github.com/MikeMcl/bignumber.js/). There are many differences between the two (namely that BN is smaller and doesn't handle floats, while BigNumber handles floats but is much larger). This module uses `bignumber.js` (as it can handle decimal float values) which returns the `BigNumber` **Object** instance.

We use BigNumber objects because javascript has trouble handling very large numbers, which Ethereum uses all the time across the blockchain.

The `BigNumber` object can be converted to a string or number with a specified base (i.e. generally `.toString(10)` for non hex values and `.toString(16)` for hex values or `toNumber(10)` and `toNumber(16)`).

```js
const num = new BigNumber(1000);

num.toString(10); // result '1000'

num.toNumber(10); // result 1000
```

Make sure you know which BigNumber modules you are using, and watchout for your types and convertions of these numbers.

This module has two methods for helping handling the `BigNumber` objects. `isBigNumber` and `toBigNumber` which can help you convert values to the BigNumber object.


## Other Awesome Modules, Tools and Frameworks

 - [web3.js](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js) -- the original Ethereum swiss army knife **Ethereum Foundation**
 - [ethereumjs](https://github.com/ethereumjs) -- critical ethereumjs infrastructure **Ethereum Foundation**
 - [browser-solidity](https://ethereum.github.io/browser-solidity) -- an in browser Solidity IDE **Ethereum Foundation**
 - [wafr](https://github.com/silentcicero/wafr) -- a super simple Solidity testing framework
 - [truffle](https://github.com/ConsenSys/truffle) -- a solidity/js dApp framework
 - [embark](https://github.com/iurimatias/embark-framework) -- a solidity/js dApp framework
 - [dapple](https://github.com/nexusdev/dapple) -- a solidity dApp framework
 - [chaitherium](https://github.com/SafeMarket/chaithereum) -- a JS web3 unit testing framework
 - [contest](https://github.com/DigixGlobal/contest) -- a JS testing framework for contracts

## Our Relationship with Ethereum & EthereumJS

 We would like to mention that we are not in any way affiliated with the Ethereum Foundation or `ethereumjs`. However, we love the work they do and work with them often to make Ethereum great! Our aim is to support the Ethereum ecosystem with a policy of diversity, modularity, simplicity, transparency, clarity, optimization and extensibility.

 Many of our modules use code from `web3.js` and the `ethereumjs-` repositories. We thank the authors where we can in the relevant repositories. We use their code carefully, and make sure all test coverage is ported over and where possible, expanded on.

Commit message:

version 0.1.0 -- configs, builds, docs, webpack

docs/user-guide.md, after:

# User Guide

All information for developers using `ethjs-unit` should consult this document.

## Install

```
npm install --save ethjs-unit
```

## Usage

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');

var val1 = unit.toWei(249824778, 'ether');

// result <BigNumber ...>

var val2 = unit.fromWei('7282837', 'finney');

// result <BigNumber ...>
});
```

## API Design

### toWei

[index.js:ethjs-unit](../../../blob/master/src/index.js "Source code on GitHub")

Convert a single Ethereum denominated value at a specified unit, and convert it to its `wei` value. Intakes a `value` and `unit` specifier, outputs a single wei value `BigNumber` object.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **BigNumber|Number|String** a single number `wei` value
-   `unit` **String** the unit to covert to (i.e. `finney`, `ether` etc..)

Result output single BigNumber **Object**.

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');

var val1 = unit.toWei(249824778, 'ether');

// result <BigNumber ...> [.toString(10) : 249824778000000000000000000]
```

### fromWei

[index.js:ethjs-unit](../../../blob/master/src/index.js "Source code on GitHub")

Convert a wei denominated value into another Ethereum denomination. Intakes a single wei `value` and outputs a BigNumber object.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **BigNumber|Number|String** a single number Ethereum denominated value
-   `unit` **String** the unit to covert to (i.e. `finney`, `ether` etc..)

Result output single BigNumber **Object**.

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');

var val1 = unit.fromWei(249824778000000000000000000, 'ether');

// result <BigNumber ...> [.toString(10) : 49824778 ]
```

### isBigNumber

[index.js:ethjs-unit](../../../blob/master/src/index.js "Source code on GitHub")

Is the specified value a BigNumber object instance.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **Optional** a single optional type value

Result output is a single **Boolean** (is the value a BigNumber or not).

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');
const BigNumber = require('bignumber.js');

var val1 = unit.isBigNumber(249824778000000000000000000);

// result false

var val1 = unit.isBigNumber(new BigNumber(10));

// result true
```

### toBigNumber

[index.js:ethjs-unit](../../../blob/master/src/index.js "Source code on GitHub")

Convert a specified value to a BigNumber if possible.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **String|Number|Object** a single optional type value number

Result output is a single `BigNumber` **Object** a BigNumber value.

```js
const unit = require('ethjs-unit');
const BigNumber = require('bignumber.js');

var val1 = unit.toBigNumber(249824778000000000000000000);

// result <BigNumber ...>

var val1 = unit.toBigNumber(new BigNumber(10));

// result <BigNumber ...>
```

## Supported Units

```
'wei':          '1',
'kwei':         '1000',
'Kwei':         '1000',
'babbage':      '1000',
'femtoether':   '1000',
'mwei':         '1000000',
'Mwei':         '1000000',
'lovelace':     '1000000',
'picoether':    '1000000',
'gwei':         '1000000000',
'Gwei':         '1000000000',
'shannon':      '1000000000',
'nanoether':    '1000000000',
'nano':         '1000000000',
'szabo':        '1000000000000',
'microether':   '1000000000000',
'micro':        '1000000000000',
'finney':       '1000000000000000',
'milliether':   '1000000000000000',
'milli':        '1000000000000000',
'ether':        '1000000000000000000',
'kether':       '1000000000000000000000',
'grand':        '1000000000000000000000',
'mether':       '1000000000000000000000000',
'gether':       '1000000000000000000000000000',
'tether':       '1000000000000000000000000000000'
```

## Notes on Handling BigNumber Objects

There are two kinds of BigNumber modules most commonly used across JS:  [`bn.js`](https://github.com/indutny/bn.js/) and [`bignumber.js`](https://github.com/MikeMcl/bignumber.js/). There are many differences between the two (namely that BN is smaller and doesn't handle floats, while BigNumber handles floats but is much larger). This module uses `bignumber.js` (as it can handle decimal float values) which returns the `BigNumber` **Object** instance.

We use BigNumber objects because javascript has trouble handling very large numbers, which Ethereum uses all the time across the blockchain.

The `BigNumber` object can be converted to a string or number with a specified base (i.e. generally `.toString(10)` for non hex values and `.toString(16)` for hex values or `toNumber(10)` and `toNumber(16)`).

```js
const num = new BigNumber(1000);

num.toString(10); // result '1000'

num.toNumber(10); // result 1000
```

Make sure you know which BigNumber modules you are using, and watchout for your types and convertions of these numbers.

This module has two methods for helping handling the `BigNumber` objects. `isBigNumber` and `toBigNumber` which can help you convert values to the BigNumber object.


## Browser Builds

`ethjs` provides production distributions for all of its modules that are ready for use in the browser right away. Simply include either `dist/ethjs-unit.js` or `dist/ethjs-unit.min.js` directly into an HTML file to start using this module. Note, an `ethUnit` object is made available globally.

```html
<script type="text/javascript" src="ethjs-unit.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
ethUnit(...);
</script>
```

Note, even though `ethjs` should have transformed and polyfilled most of the requirements to run this module across most modern browsers. You may want to look at an additional polyfill for extra support.

Use a polyfill service such as `Polyfill.io` to ensure complete cross-browser support:
https://polyfill.io/

## Other Awesome Modules, Tools and Frameworks

 - [web3.js](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js) -- the original Ethereum swiss army knife **Ethereum Foundation**
 - [ethereumjs](https://github.com/ethereumjs) -- critical ethereumjs infrastructure **Ethereum Foundation**
 - [browser-solidity](https://ethereum.github.io/browser-solidity) -- an in browser Solidity IDE **Ethereum Foundation**
 - [wafr](https://github.com/silentcicero/wafr) -- a super simple Solidity testing framework
 - [truffle](https://github.com/ConsenSys/truffle) -- a solidity/js dApp framework
 - [embark](https://github.com/iurimatias/embark-framework) -- a solidity/js dApp framework
 - [dapple](https://github.com/nexusdev/dapple) -- a solidity dApp framework
 - [chaitherium](https://github.com/SafeMarket/chaithereum) -- a JS web3 unit testing framework
 - [contest](https://github.com/DigixGlobal/contest) -- a JS testing framework for contracts

## Our Relationship with Ethereum & EthereumJS

 We would like to mention that we are not in any way affiliated with the Ethereum Foundation or `ethereumjs`. However, we love the work they do and work with them often to make Ethereum great! Our aim is to support the Ethereum ecosystem with a policy of diversity, modularity, simplicity, transparency, clarity, optimization and extensibility.

 Many of our modules use code from `web3.js` and the `ethereumjs-` repositories. We thank the authors where we can in the relevant repositories. We use their code carefully, and make sure all test coverage is ported over and where possible, expanded on.
